Was it worth it? Was it worth it for us to be there?
Well, I don't know. In my personal opinion, it was
certainly worth it for long periods of time. What
wasn't too palatable to me to see us just pull out
and let the North move down without opposition.
But it was the old idea of we've been here long
enough, we've trained our armies long enough,
we've supported governments long enough, and if
they can't do it on their own, they'll never be able
to do it. Now it's time to cut, which is the
short-sighted Western view. We're not much on
getting into things we can't make happen
overnight. They don't care how long it takes.
They're not worried about it because they're not
aimed at individual goals. They're aimed at group
goals. If it takes 100 years, it takes 100 years.
Okay.